Strafe Link▶️QT



AbilityNo Target
AffectsSelf (Skeleton Archers)


Clinkz gains attack speed and has bonus attack range. Any current Burning Skeleton Archers skeletons within a 1200 radius of Clinkz also gain bonus attack range and 50%/55%/60%/65% of the attack speed bonus.Casting Strafe does not break Skeleton Walk invisibility.

Cast Animation: 0+0Effect Radius: 1200Attack Range Bonus: 200Attack Speed Bonus: 100/140/180/220 ( 140/180/220/260)Archer Attack Speed Bonus: 50/77/108/143 ( 70/99/132/169)Duration: 3.5


 30/25/20/15 ( 21/16/11/6)
 70/80/85/90Modifiers [?]modifier_clinkz_strafeAny



Applies the Strafe buff independently to Clinkz and all  Skeleton Archers within 1200 radius upon cast.
Fire particles appear on units that received the buff.
Dispelling Clinkz does not remove the buff on the Skeleton Archers.
The buff is not applied to other player-controlled units.
Since the buff is not aura-based, Clinkz can move away from the Skeleton Archers and they independently keep the buff after Strafe is cast.
If the Skeleton Archers are idling, Strafe orders all Skeleton Archers within 1200 radius to attack any valid targets within 800 range for its duration.
The search range can only be further increased by attack range bonuses of the same range type as the caster.
There are no target priorities.
Can be cast without breaking the invisibility of  Skeleton Walk, but not other invisibility sources.
Grants the following bonuses upon cast:
Increases Clinkz' and the Skeleton Archers' attack range to 800.
Increases the Skeleton Archers' attack speed to 200/240/280/320 ( 240/280/320/360). Tar Bomb  Link▶️Link▶️Link▶️Link▶️WR



AbilityTarget Unit  / Target Area
AffectsEnemies  / Self(Skeleton Archer)
DamageMagical  / Physical( Instant Attack)

Clinkz throws a projectile filled with tar at the target enemy, dealing Magic damage on impact. After impact, the tar spills onto the ground and stays there for 5 seconds. Any enemy that walks across it gets slowed, and attacks from Clinkz or his Burning Army Skeleton Archers will deal bonus physical damage.When the Tar Bomb hits, any Burning Army skeletons within attack range will attack the target.

Cast Animation: 0.2+0Cast Range:  1000Max Attack Targets: 1 ( 2)Radius:  325Impact Damage: 40/60/80/100Attack Damage Bonus: 15/25/35/45 ( 30/40/50/60)Move Speed Slow: 16%/19%/22%/25%Debuff Duration: 5Debuff Linger Duration: 2.5 Instant Attack Radius:  600


 7/6/5/4
 45/50/55/60Illusion Notes:Applies to illusions but they do not benefit from Tar Bomb's conditional bonus attack damage.Modifiers [?]modifier_clinkz_tar_bomb_searing_arrowsUndispellable

modifier_clinkz_tar_bomb_slowUndispellable


The projectile travels at a speed of 2000.
Tar Bomb first applies the magical impact damage, the debuff, then Clinkz and his  Skeleton Archers are given an attack order on the target, regardless of auto-attack settings.
Can be cast on and fully affect buildings, but not on allies and ward-type units.
If the Skeleton Archers are idling, Tar Bomb orders all Skeleton Archers within 1200 radius to attack the affected targets within 600 ( 675) range for its duration.
The search range can only be further increased by attack range bonuses of the same range type as the caster.
The debuff placed on enemies is provided by an aura and lingers for 2.5 seconds.
Grants Clinkz and his Skeleton Archers physical conditional attack damage bonus, despite the attack damage bonus values not being displayed in the HUD.
Does not trigger on attacks from other player-controlled units.
The attack damage bonus values are considered by critical strike, lifesteal and cleave, and can be reduced by flat reductions (e.g. damage block).
TALENT The multishot  talent causes Clinkz to perform an instant attack on a secondary target while attacking the primary enemy target affected by Tar Bomb.
The secondary target has to be within the radius for the ability to apply its conditional attack damage bonus.
The search radius can be further increased by other attack range bonuses.
These instant attacks can proc any attack modifiers and on-hit effects normally. They do not have True Strike.
The secondary arrow has no target priorities. It simply chooses a random valid target within the search range.
Since Tar Bomb affects buildings, the secondary arrows can target buildings but not Outposts.
Fully affect  Skeleton Archers.
SOULBIND Launches Tar Bombs to both primary and secondary targets. Attack order is given on the secondary target. Death Pact Link▶️EW



AbilityTarget Unit
AffectsUnits  / Self
DamageInstant Kill

Clinkz consumes the target enemy creep or friendly skeleton and creates a Burning Skeleton Archer in their place, healing and gaining max health. Does not take Clinkz out of Skeleton Walk.Archers are immobile and die within several attacks from a hero. Skeletons deal a percentage of Clinkz' damage. Attack range is equal to Clinkz's attack range. Only one archer can be summoned from Death Pact at a time.Skeletons deal 25% less damage to buildings

Cast Animation: 0.2+0.47Cast Range:  900Self Max Health Bonus: 175/250/325/400 ( 525/600/675/750)Health Bonus as Self Heal: 100%Max Creep Level: 4/5/6/6Max Skeleton Archers per Cast: 1Hero Attacks to Destroy: 2 ( 3)Creep Attacks to Destroy: 8 ( 12)Attack Damage as Archer Damage: 20%Archer Building Damage Multiplier: 0.75Archer Attack Interval: 1.6Duration: 45

 40
N 1/1/2/2 ( 2/2/3/3)

 0
 60
Aghanim's Scepter Upgrade:
Increases Skeleton Archer Hits to Kill.

Modifiers [?]modifier_clinkz_death_pactDeath
Ability Draft Notes:
 Skeleton Archers have a min 500 attack range. Does not require drafting  Death Pact to summon the Skeleton Archers.
Sutherex' bond of life and death has become a part of Clinkz, and his old bones are refreshed with repetition of the pact on lesser beings.




Skeleton Archer





Summoned Ward






Health
8
+0




⤷ 


 12HP






Mana
100
+0


Level



1


Duration



Varies


Armor



0


Magic Resistance



0%


Status Resistance



0


Attack Damage



Default5


Attack Range



500


Acquisition Range



1000


Attack Speed



100 • 1.6s BAT


Attack Animation



0.3+0.3


Projectile Speed



900


Turn Rate



0.5


Collision Size



18


Bound Radius



8


Vision Range

(G)

800


Bounty



20


Experience



20


Abilities



 Searing Arrows Tar Bomb


Notes

Uncontrollable



Can be cast without breaking the invisibility of  Skeleton Walk, but not other invisibility sources.
The targeted unit is instantly killed, counting as a regular last hit or deny, then summons 1  Skeleton Archer on the creep's death position.
Only 1 summoned Archer can exist at a time before the previous Skeleton Archer expires. Sucessive casts instantly kills the previous summoned unit.
Increases Clinkz' max health without keeping the current health percentage, then heals him for the same amount.
When the Death Pact buff expires, Clinkz' max health returns to normal, but his current health is kept, without exceeding his max health.
Successive casts of reapply the heal, refresh the duration, and update the ability values.
Cannot be cast on ancient creeps and creep-heroes.
Cannot be cast on friendly creeps, but can be cast on own observer and sentry wards and own creeps.
The archers cannot be controlled. They automatically attack nearby enemy heroes upon spawn, regardless of auto-attack settings.
The archers only attack heroes, including illusions and clones, excluding creep-heroes.
The archers only switch their attack targets when their current target cannot be attacked anymore.
The archers' base and bonus attack damage is periodically set equal to  of Clinkz' main and bonus attack damage respectively.
However, the following bonus attack damage sources do not increase the archers' attack damage:
 Sidekick
Percentages attack damage bonuses (e.g.  Empower).
Conditional attack damage bonus sources.
Their attack damage is not reduced by damage block sources.
The attack range of the archers is also periodically set equal to the caster's attack range, if they are  ranged heroes.
For Clinkz', his Skeleton Archers have a minimum 600 ( 675) attack range.
For  melee heroes, the archers have a minimum 500 attack range.
Skeleton Archer have  Tar Bomb, based on its current level.
The level for the ability is set for each archer as it spawns. Leveling it afterward does not update its level on the archers.
Although having a mana pool, the archers do not need mana to cast it.
Heroes and creeps deal 4 and 1 damage per hit respectively to Skeleton Archers.
Treat attacks from  Roshan and clones as heroes, and attacks from creep-heroes and illusions as creeps.
The archers do not block neutral creep camps.
The archers have a lower target priority than other units and heroes, so they are attacked by towers and creeps last.
 Roshan always prioritizes wards if there are no other units within his attack range.
The following neutral creeps cannot be targeted at all due to the level restriction:
LEVEL 3+ Can consume all neutral creeps.
LEVEL 2 Cannot consume:  Ancient Black Dragon,   Ancient Granite Golem,   Ancient Ice Shaman,   Ancient Thunderhide,   Dark Troll Summoner,   Satyr Tormenter
LEVEL 1 Additionally cannot consume:  Alpha Wolf,   Ancient Frostbitten Golem,   Ancient Rock Golem,   Ancient Rumblehide,   Centaur Conqueror,   Hellbear Smasher,   Mega Ranged Creep,   Ranged Creep,   Super Ranged Creep,   Warpine Raider,   Wildwing Ripper
SCEPTER Does not update any values of already summoned Skeleton Archers upon acquiring the  Ability Upgrade.
SPELL STEAL The  Skeleton Archers' attack properties are based on  Rubick's, while their  Tar Bomb' ability values are based on  Clinkz' current ability level when acquired. Burning Army Link▶️DE



AbilityTarget Point  / Vector Targeting
AffectsEnemy Heroes


Clinkz summons an army of fiery ranged skeleton archers. Archers are immobile and die with  attacks from a hero. Skeletons deal a percentage of Clinkz' damage, use his current Searing Arrows ability and attack only heroes. Attack range is equal to Clinkz's attack range.

Cast Animation: 0+0.67Cast Range:  600Spawn Range: 900Number of Archers per Cast: 5Archers Spawn Interval: 0.15


 80
 150Modifiers [?]modifier_clinkz_burning_army_thinkerUndispellable
modifier_clinkz_burning_armyDeath
Ability Draft Notes:
 Skeleton Archers have a min 500 attack range. Does not require drafting  Death Pact to summon the Skeleton Archers.
Requires drafting  Death Pact to be unlocked.
Existing on the brink of life and death, Clinkz has learned to temporarily bridge the gap between the two.


Requires  Aghanim's Scepter to be unlocked.
Can be cast without having to face the targeted area.
Can be cast without breaking the invisibility of  Skeleton Walk, but not other invisibility sources.
Spawns the archers in the given line one after another, starting immediately upon cast.
It takes 0.6 seconds for all archers to spawn.
The first archer spawns at the initial targeted location. Following archers spawn with 212.5 in between each.
The archers spawn facing the same direction as Clinkz does as they spawn.
SPELL STEAL The  Skeleton Archers' attack properties are based on  Rubick's, while their  Tar Bomb' ability values are based on  Clinkz' current ability level when acquired. Burning Barrage Link▶️FF



AbilityTarget Point  / Channeled
AffectsEnemies
Damage Instant Attack

Clinkz channels and shoots multiple piercing arrows in the target direction that hit all enemy units dealing a percentage of Clinkz' attack damage and applying attack modifiers, and dousing enemies with Tar Bomb slow.

Cast Animation: 0.2+0Cast Range:  850 ( 925)Arrows Travel Distance:  850 ( 925)Arrows Collision Radius: 200Max Channel Time: 2Number of Arrows: 6Attack Damage as Damage: 75%


 17
 40Modifiers [?]modifier_clinkz_piercing_arrowDeath
modifier_projectile_visionDeath
modifier_clinkz_piercing_arrow_damage_reductionDeath
It's hard to say whether the blur around the Bone Fletcher is from his flaming heart or his speed with the quiver.


Requires  Aghanim's Shard to be unlocked.
The arrows fly at a speed of 1200, and always fly the full distance.
The arrows' speed are not affected by projectile speed increasing effects.
The cast range and arrows' travel distance can be increased by attack range bonuses, but not by cast range bonuses.
With the travel distance and the arrow collision radius, it can hit units up to 1050 ( 1125) range away.
Releases the arrows in 0.33-second intervals, starting immediately upon channel begin.
This means it takes total of 1.67 seconds to release all arrows.
The arrows are released from the tip of the bow, not from Clinkz' center point.
This results in the first launched arrow being offset slightly towards Clinkz's left side as compared to the following arrows.
Each of the arrow causes Clinkz to perform instant attacks on enemies.
These instant attacks can proc any attack modifiers and on-hit effects normally. They have True Strike, and completely ignore disarms.
Despite Burning Barrage's damage coming from the ability itself, it is still considered attack damage and not spell damage. However, Clinkz can both lifesteal and spell lifesteal from the attack damage.
Burning Barrage neither affects ethereal nor attack immune units.
The instant attacks do not break the following abilities:
 Skeleton Walk and  Disguise.
The average damage dealt can be defined as:
expr (ΣAtk +  15/25/35/45 +  15) × 75%
The attack damage multiplier reduces Clinkz' total outgoing damage for all instant effects triggered by the Burning Barrage attacks, including the following:
Conditional attack damage bonuses (e.g.  Tar Bomb).
The first hit of  Maelstrom-based Chain Lightnings on affected units.
The arrows also apply  Tar Bomb based on its current level when Clinkz is still channeling Burning Barrage as the arrows are airborne.
If Tar Bomb is not leveled, its damage and debuff are not applied.
Tar Bomb applied by Burning Brrage do not cost any mana, are applied even if the ability itself is currently not castable.
The arrows stop applying the Tar Bomb debuff if the channeling is interrupted, or when the arrows are still airborne while the channeling finishes.
The arrows provide 300 radius flying vision around them as they travel, this vision does not last.
Does not affect  Couriers. Skeleton Walk Link▶️Link▶️RC



AbilityNo Target
AffectsSelf (Skeleton Archers)


Clinkz moves invisibly through units until the moment he attacks or uses items. Leaving Skeleton Walk creates Burning Skeleton Archers.

Cast Animation:  0+0Fade Time: 0.6Move Speed Bonus: 25%/40%/55%Invisibility Duration: 30/40/45Max Skeleton Archers per Cast: 2/3/4


 24/21/18 ( 20/17/14)
 80/105/130
Aghanim's Scepter Upgrade:New Ability
Grants the Burning Army ability.

Aghanim's Shard Upgrade:New Ability

Grants the Burning Barrage ability.

Modifiers [?]modifier_clinkz_wind_walkDeath
modifier_clinkz_burning_armyDeath
Ability Draft Notes:
 Skeleton Archers have a min 500 attack range. Does not require drafting  Death Pact to summon the Skeleton Archers.
With a burst of fire and puff of smoke, the Bone Fletcher was nowhere to be seen.

           The archers' formations.  
Does not interrupt Clinkz' channeling abilities upon cast.
The ability particle effects beneath Clinkz can be seen by allies and enemies during the ability's cast point, even while invisible.
During the fade time, Clinkz can cast abilities, use items and perform attacks without breaking the invisibility.
Invisibility is broken upon launching an attack, landing a successful attack, or upon reaching the cast point of items and abilities.
Grants phased movement while fully invisible, and allows Clinkz to path through other units, including wards, but not through buildings.
Clinkz can pick up or drop items without breaking the invisibility.
Casting  Burning Army,  Death Pact, and  Strafe also does not break the invisibility.
The archer(s) only spawn upon losing the Skeleton Walk buff, facing the same direction as Clinkz and spawning always in the same formation, no matter how.
They are the same as the ones summoned by  Death Pact and its notes fully apply.
LEVEL 1 spawns 2 archers 250 range away from Clinkz to his right and left side, forming a line.
LEVEL 2 spawns 3 archers, with one Archer 30° and 250 range from Clinkz' right, one at 120° and 250 range on the left, and another one 240° and 150 range at the back. One archers are at 350 range from others.
LEVEL 3 spawns 4 archers, 2 archers at the north and east side are 250 range from Clinkz, while the other 2 at the south and west side are 150 range from Clinkz.
SPELL STEAL The  Skeleton Archers' attack properties are based on  Rubick's, while their  Tar Bomb' ability values are based on  Clinkz' current ability level when acquired.