The Swarm Link▶️Link▶️QR



AbilityTarget Point
AffectsEnemies
DamagePhysical

Weaver launches a swarm of 12 young Weavers that latch on any enemy unit in their path, attacking and reducing armor until it is killed.

Cast Animation: 0.3+0Cast Range:  3000Max Travel Distance:  3000Beetles Spawn Radius:  300Beetles Latch Radius:  100Number of Beetles: 12Non-Hero Attacks to Destroy: 6/6/8/8 ( 10/10/12/12)Hero Attacks to Destroy: 3/3/4/4 ( 5/5/6/6)Tick Interval: 1.15/1.0/0.85/0.7Damage per Tick: 18/22/26/30Armor Reduction per Tick: 1 ( 1.5)Beetle Duration: 16


 44/36/28/20
 110Spell Immunity Notes:Exposure pierces debuff immunity.Modifiers [?]modifier_projectile_visionUndispellable
modifier_weaver_swarmUndispellable

modifier_weaver_swarm_debuffDeathSkitskurr opens a gap in the space time fabric, allowing young Weavers to slip through and aid him in combat.




Beetle





Attached






Health
100
+0











This unit has no mana.


Level



2


Duration



16


Armor



0


Magic Resistance



0%


Status Resistance



0


Collision Size



18


Bound Radius



8


Vision Range

(F)

321


Bounty



32–34


Experience



20


Notes

UncontrollablePhasedSpell Immune



The Swarm spawn within a 300 radius randomly around Weaver and moves forward at a speed of 750, taking 4 seconds to reach the maximum distance.
The  Beetles are not attackable when traveling as a swarm. They are only attackable after latching onto targets.
They provide flying vision while traveling forwards, and while latched onto their targets.
They are attached type units, and have the highest priority for auto-attack behaviors, together with  Phantoms.
With the maximum travel distance, spawn radius, and latch radius, the Beetles can latch on units 3400 range away.
The Beetle latches 64 range in front of any enemy unit that comes within 100 radius, unless another Beetle has already latched onto it.
This means that multiple casts do not affect the same unit more than once, and its duration cannot be refreshed.
Can latch on invulnerable units, but not invisible or hidden units.
Does not latch on enemy  Couriers.
The Beetle and its latched target have the following interactions:
When the latched target turns invisible, while not under True Sight, the Beetle dies instantly.
When the latched target is hidden, the Beetle is still latched onto the target and not removed.
When the latched target is affected by the following abilities, the Beetle disappears:  Infest,   Dismember,  Gobble Up and  Voodoo Switcheroo.
When the latched target is now untargetable, the Beetle applies its first damage instance and the armor reduction debuff then dies after 0.13 seconds.
The Beetle dies instantly while entering  Chronosphere.
Beetles that disappear or die instantly in the aforementioned situations are not credited to anyone.
The Swarm deals damage in 1.15/1.0/0.85/0.7-second intervals, starting immediately when it is latched on a unit, this results in 14/17/19/23 possible attacks.
Although the Beetles are latched to their targets, the damage is sourced to Weaver, not the Beetles.
Therefore, the damage is affected by outgoing damage manipulation and spell lifesteal.
Can deal up to 252/374/494/690 damage to each latched enemy (before reductions).
The armor reduction is bound to the Beetle and independent from the damage per tick.
The armor reduction fully affects ethereal units, but not invulnerable units.
Can reduce up to 14/17/19/23 ( 21/25.5/28.5/34.5) armor per unit.
On each interval, The Swarm first applies the armor reduction, then the damage. Shukuchi Link▶️WC



AbilityNo Target
AffectsSelf  / Enemies
DamageMagical

Weaver shifts out of visibility, gaining max movement speed --doing harm to any enemies it passes through.

Cast Animation:  0+0Fade Time: 0.25Damage Radius:  175Damage: 100/130/160/190 ( 155/185/215/245)Haste Speed: 550Buff Duration: 4 Debuff Duration: 4.6


 15/12/9/6 ( 12.5/9.5/6.5/3.5)
 60
Aghanim's Shard Upgrade:

Shukuchi puts a mark on enemies it damages that last 4.6 seconds.

Modifiers [?]modifier_weaver_shukuchiDeath

modifier_weaver_geminate_attack_markAnyAbility Draft Notes:
 Geminate Attack must be drafted as well for it to get applied.
As the Weavers worked in the fabric of creation, small wormholes allowed them to slip through time to better work their craft.


Does not interrupt Weaver's channeling abilities upon cast.
Disjoints projectiles upon cast, if the enemy has no True Sight on Weaver.
Shukuchi can only damage the same unit once per cast.
Leveling up the ability while fully invisible does not update the current Shukuchi damage instance.
During the fade time, Weaver can cast abilities, use items and perform attacks without breaking the invisibility.
The invisibility is broken upon reaching the cast point of abilities or items, or upon landing an attack. Missed attacks do not break it.
Weaver can pick up, drop, or attack items without breaking the invisibility.
Grants haste and phased movement while fully invisible, meaning Weaver cannot be slowed below the hasted value.
Unlike other phased movement sources, Shukuchi turns Weaver phased instantly upon cast, instead of after the fade time.
Shukuchi still grants 200/230/260/290 movement speed bonus on top of the haste movement, but this will not be reflected in the HUD unless the caster unlocks maximum movement speed.
SHARD Shukuchi now applies a 4.6-second debuff on all affected enemies.
0.25 seconds after breaking invisibility,   Geminate Attack triggers on all enemies within 1200 radius with the Shukuchi debuff.
Weaver has to be alive for Geminate Attack to proc. Geminate Attack    Link▶️EE



AbilityActive Attack Modifier
AffectsEnemies
Damage Instant Attack

Allows Weaver to dispatch two attacks at once.

Cast Range:  425Effect Delay: 0.25Number of Extra Attacks: 1 ( 2)Attack Damage Bonus: 20/35/50/65 ( 110/125/140/155)Buff Duration: 0.03  After Shukuchi Invisibility Effect Delay:  0.2 Target Search Radius:  1200


 8.5/6.5/4.5/2.5

Aghanim's Shard Upgrade:

0.2s after Weaver exits Shukuchi, enemies with a mark within 1200 range will also be attacked with a secondary Geminate attack.

Break Notes:Disabled, despite being an active ability.
Illusion Notes:The ability is always toggled on, but illusions cannot trigger it.Modifiers [?]modifier_weaver_geminate_attackUndispellable
modifier_weaver_geminate_attack_bonusUndispellable
Ability Draft Notes:
 Geminate Attack triggers for allied  Shukuchi marks as well.
Skitskurr's relationship with time is somewhat variable, causing his actions to be witnessed — and felt — more than once.


Upon leveling Geminate Attack the first time, it has Autocast on by default.
Despite being an active ability, Geminate Attack can trigger while silenced, if set to Autocast.
Geminate Attack's cast range can only be further increased by attack range bonuses of the same range as the caster. However, it is not affected by cast range bonuses.
Both Autocast and manually casting it use Weaver's current attack range.
Causes Weaver to perform 1 ( 2) instant attack(s) on the attacked target 0.25 seconds after releasing the leading attack.
These instant attacks can proc any attack modifiers and on-hit effects normally. They do not have True Strike, but completely ignore disarms.
They do not break  Disguise as well.
Grants unique flat bonus attack damage upon Weaver's attack point to the extra attacks.
After the attack point, Weaver first attacks, triggers both the Geminate Attack buff and attack damage bonus buff, then releases the extra attack.
Weaver has to be alive for these extra attacks to happen.
There is no range limit for these extra attacks, they launch regardless of how far away the target is currently at.
Even if the initial attack damage kills the target before Geminate Attack triggers, the extra attacks are still released, hitting the dead target.
For  melee units, if the enemy target is farther than 350 range more than the attacker's range, the attack will always miss.
Works against enemy buildings,  Couriers and wards.
Neither work against allies nor  Observer and Sentry Wards.
SHARD Breaking the  Shukuchi invisibility in any way now procs Geminate Attack 0.2 seconds after on every enemy affected by the Shukuchi debuff within 1200 radius.
Weaver still has to be alive for these extra attacks to happen.
These Geminate Attacks applied upon breaking invisibility are applied even if the ability itself is currently not castable, and regardless of its cooldown status.
Geminate Attack procs fully work against all targets with the Shukuchi debuff regardless of source.
TALENT The Geminate Attack count increasing  talent fully applies to this  Ability Upgrade. Time Lapse Link▶️RT



AbilityNo Target ( Target Unit)
AffectsSelf ( Allied Heroes)


Weaver warps backward to whatever position it was in five seconds earlier--regaining the HP and mana from that time. No effect on cooldown, gold or experience.

Cast Animation: 0.3+0.53Lapsed Time: 5 Cast Range:  500


 70/55/40 ( 40)
 150/75/0
Aghanim's Scepter Upgrade:
Time Lapse may target allied Heroes with 500 cast range.

Modifiers [?]modifier_weaver_timelapseUndispellable
If Skitskurr does not deem the current reality of the world to fit his desires, he simply crawls back in time to right what was wronged.


Weaver is ordered to stop right after getting moved back, this automatically cancels the cast backswing of Time Lapse.
However, ⇧ Shift-queue commands are not canceled.
SCEPTER Therefore, the cast backswing is only used when cast on allies.
Time Lapse disjoints projectiles and applies a strong dispel upon cast.
Only affects Weaver's position (or coordinates), health, mana, and status debuffs. Buffs are not removed.
Sets Weaver's or the target ally's health and mana back to what it was 5 seconds ago.
Time Lapse neither deals damage nor heals. Therefore, it does not interact with any on-damage effects.
When cast right after respawning, the caster's health, mana, and position are set to what they were before death.
This means that it does not kill the caster when cast immediately after respawning.
SCEPTER Time Lapse now turns into a unit-targeted ability, applying all the effects on the target.
↓↓ Double-tapping automatically targets self.
Cannot be cast on allies who have ☐ Disabled Help from Weaver.
Treats clones and illusions as heroes, and creep-heroes as creeps.
SCEPTER Unit-targeting does not order the ally target to stop. Therefore, channeling abilities are not canceled.
When cast on allies right after respawning, their health, mana, and position are not set back to what they were before the death.
This means allies cannot be sent back to their death location after respawning, unlike how Weaver can when self-casting.