Torrent Link▶️Link▶️QE



AbilityTarget Area
AffectsEnemies
DamageMagical

Summons a rising torrent that, after a short delay, hurls enemy units into the sky, stunning, dealing damage and slowing movement speed.

Cast Animation: 0.4+0Cast Range:  1300Effect Radius:  225Effect Delay: 1.6Total Damage: 80/160/240/320 ( 104/208/312/416)Move Speed Slow: 40%Slow Duration: 1/2/3/4Stun Duration: 1.6 ( 2)Knockup Duration: 1.53 ( 1.91)


 16/14/12/10 ( 12/10/8/6)
 100
Aghanim's Scepter Upgrade:New Ability
Grants the Torrent Storm ability.

Debuff Immunity Notes:The forced movement is instantly canceled.Modifiers [?]modifier_kunkka_torrent_thinkerUndispellable

modifier_kunkka_torrentStrong
modifier_kunkka_torrent_slowAnyAbility Draft Notes:
Toggling Autocast on swaps this ability out with  Torrent Storm. Their cooldowns are separate.
An ancestral rush of water explodes from the center of the world, called upon by the Admiral.


With the cast time and effect delay, the total delay is 2 seconds at all levels.
After the total delay, the damage and movement speed slow is also applied to enemy units entering the torrent radius.
An ally-only visual indicator appears at the location, showing the Torrent's radius.
After casting, an ally-only visual effect appears at the targeted area and a sound effect plays for the delay period.
Torrent can be cast without having to face toward the targeted area, as long as the targeted area is within the cast range.
Provides 350 radius ground vision over the targeted area upon cast for 3.13 seconds.
The affected units are stunned, moved upwards, and can still be attacked.
While in the air, other units may pass below the affected units.
Both the stun and movement speed slow are applied at the same time, so overall, the slow lasts for 2.6/3.6/4.6/5.6 ( 3/4/5/6) seconds.
The stun lasts slightly longer than the knock-up, so hit units are on the ground for the remaining 0.07 seconds of the stun.
Both the stun and knock-up debuff are not affected by status resistance.
Deals damage in 0.2-second intervals, starting 0.2 seconds after the effect delay, resulting in 8 ( 10) instances of 10/20/30/40 damage per interval (before reductions).
The damage per interval can be defined as expr SpellDamage / Duration × 0.2
TALENT Therefore, the stun duration increasing  talent increases the total damage to 100/200/300/400.
Torrent first applies its damage, then the movement speed slow. Tidebringer    Link▶️Link▶️WD



AbilityActive Attack Modifier
AffectsSelf  / Enemies
DamagePhysical

Kunkka's legendary sword grants increased damage and cleaves a large area of effect in front of him for a single strike.

Cast Range:  150Starting Radius: 150Distance: 650/800/950/1100End Radius: 500/550/600/650Cleave Damage: 150% ( 220%)Attack Damage Bonus: 30/60/90/120 Move Speed Slow: 60% Slow Duration: 1


 13/10/7/4 ( 11/8/5/2)
Debuff Immunity Notes:The slow debuff is affected by debuff immunity.Break Notes:Disabled, despite being an active ability.
Illusion Notes:The ability is always toggled on, but illusions cannot trigger it.Modifiers [?]modifier_kunkka_tidebringerUndispellable

modifier_kunkka_tidebringer_slowAnyAbility Draft Notes:
Uses the caster's current attack range when Autocast.Manually casting it uses the cast range.
A lost Claddish soul inhabits Kunkka's trusty Tidebringer, empowering it to destroy demons of the Cataract.


Upon leveling Tidebringer the first time, it has Autocast on by default.
Despite being an active ability, Tidebringer can trigger while silenced, if set to Autocast.
Tidebringer's cast range can only be further increased by attack range bonuses of the same range type as the caster. However, it is not affected by cast range bonuses.
Both Autocast and manually casting it use Kunkka's current attack range.
Grants unique flat conditional bonus attack damage and cleave damage whenever the ability goes off cooldown, and the ability bonuses are removed when the ability goes on cooldown.
Although the attack damage bonus values are not displayed in the HUD, it is still considered and directly added to Kunkka's attack damage upon his attack point.
The attack damage bonus is considered by critical strike and lifesteal, and it can be reduced only by flat reductions (e.g. damage block).
Cleave damage has the following properties:
It counts as spell damage. However, it has the following flags:
No-spell-lifesteal flag, preventing its damage from utilizing spell lifesteal.
No-spell-amplification flag, preventing its damage from being amplified with spell damage amplification.
Cleave damage depends on the attack damage value of the cleaving unit, not on how much their primary attack target took. It is reduced by damage block.
The complete cleave area is shaped like an isosceles trapezoid in front of the attacking unit.
Multiple sources of cleave fully stack and work independently.
Does not cleave upon attacking wards, buildings or allied units.  Couriers, wards and buildings are unaffected by cleave.
Despite the visual effect, the cleave damage is applied instantly in the whole area.
The particle effects on hit enemies are visible on invisible enemies and through the Fog of War.
Plays an audio effect when going off cooldown, audible to the player only.
When off cooldown, Kunkka's weapons emit particle effects, visible to allies and enemies.
TALENT Upon learning the movement speed slow adding  talent, Tidebringer applies a 1-second 60% movement speed slow on all hit targets within the cleave area.
The attack first applies the movement speed debuff, then the cleave damage. X Marks the Spot   Link▶️EX



AbilityTarget Unit
AffectsHeroes


Targets a friendly or enemy Hero, marks their position with an X, and returns them to it after several seconds. Kunkka can trigger the return at any time during the duration. Lasts twice as long on allied heroes.

Cast Animation: 0.2+0Cast Range:  550/700/850/1000Enemy Duration: 3Ally Duration: 8 Move Speed Change: 25%


 30/24/18/12
 50Debuff Immunity Notes:Does not slow and does not teleport debuff immune enemies.Spell Block / Reflection Notes:Blocked upon cast.Root Notes:Does not prevent the the target from being returned.Modifiers [?]modifier_kunkka_x_marks_the_spot_thinkerUndispellable
modifier_kunkka_x_marks_the_spotDeath
modifier_kunkka_x_marks_the_spot_markerDeath
The Admiral's set of arcane abilities includes some that can be used for battle as well as entertainment.


↓↓ Double-tapping automatically targets self.
Cannot be cast on allies who have ☐ Disabled Help from Kunkka.
The target is given a stop command as soon as it is teleported back, effectively canceling channeling abilities.
Does not disjoint projectiles for the target upon getting teleported back.
Marks the target's current location with a red X. This X is visible to enemies only when they have vision over the unit, or the X itself.
Can be also cast on clones, illusions and creep-heroes.
The affected unit leaves behind a red dotted line while walking, showing which direction it went.
These lines stop drawing for the enemies if the unit is not visible. However, already-drawn lines stay visible.
Once the unit turns visible again, a straight line of red lines is drawn towards their last known location.
These red lines ignore the actual path the unit took. They simply draw from its current to its previously last known location.
Multiple instances of X Marks the Spot on the same target do not stack. Only the duration gets visually refreshed.
Despite the visual effects, the target does not return to the X after dying and respawning during it.
When the target is invulnerable or hidden, it does not get returned to the X, causing the ability to get wasted.
Provides 400 radius ground vision around the X mark for 5.94 seconds.
TALENT The movement speed change  talent grants movement speed bonus to if the affected target is an ally, and slows if the target is an enemy.
SPELL STEAL / MORPH NOTES The affected target immediately returns to the original  X Marks the Spot upon losing ability. Return EX



AbilityNo Target
AffectsHeroes


Returns the marked hero to the X.

Cast Animation: 0.2+0


 1
 0


Replaces  X Marks the Spot until the sub-ability is used or the X disappears on the target.
Despite being a sub-ability, Return procs all on-cast effects like a regular ability.
SOULBIND Only returns the primary target upon cast. Torrent Storm Link▶️DR



AbilityTarget Area
AffectsEnemies
DamageMagical

Releases a visible Torrent in a random area around Kunkka once every 0.25 for 4 seconds. Spawns in within 1100 range of him.

Cast Animation: 0.4+0.53Cast Range: 900Effect Radius:  1100Min Spawn Radius: 115Max Spawn Radius: 1100Spawn Interval: 0.25Storm Duration: 4


 75
 275Modifiers [?]modifier_kunkka_torrent_stormDeath
modifier_kunkka_torrent_thinkerUndispellable

modifier_kunkka_torrentStrong
modifier_kunkka_torrent_slowAnyAbility Draft Notes:
Requires drafting  Torrent to be unlocked. Toggling Autocast off swaps this ability out with Torrent. Their cooldowns are separate.
A hundred leagues of dry land couldn't keep these seas at bay.


Requires  Aghanim's Scepter to be unlocked.
Does not require  Torrent to be leveled to be unlocked, once Aghanim's Scepter is acquired.
However, it relies on Torrent to work, since it directly uses its values. This means when Torrent is not learned, Torrent Storm does nothing upon cast.
Torrent notes fully apply.
Creates a Torrent based on the current level at the targeted area immediately upon cast, and then one every 0.25 seconds, for a total of 17 Torrents.
Each Torrent can spawn within a random distance of 115 to 1100 away from Kunkka.
The Torrent spawn radius is divided into four 90° segments (0°–90°, 90°–180°, 180°–270°, 270°–360°).
The first Torrent occurs within the northeast segment of the circle, following Torrents proceeding counterclockwise.
Unlike a manually cast Torrent, the particle effect and the sound during the Torrents' delay are completely visible and audible to enemies.
Successive casts of Torrent Storm fully stack, with each cast creating its own independent instance. Tidal Wave Link▶️Link▶️FW



AbilityTarget Point
AffectsEnemies
DamageMagical

Releases a Tidal Wave that spawns behind Kunkka. Deals damage and drags enemies along it for the duration. Enemies cannot attack while being dragged.

Cast Animation: 0.2+1Cast Range:  1400Travel Distance:  2300Radius:  750Damage: 180Knockback Distance: 600Knockback Duration: 1


 12
 75Modifiers [?]
modifier_knockbackAny
modifier_disarmedAnyAbility Draft Notes:
Requires drafting  Ghostship to be unlocked.



Requires  Aghanim's Shard to be unlocked.
The wave travels at a speed of 700, taking 3.29 seconds to travel the full distance.
The wave spawns 900 range away from Kunkka, from the opposite direction where Kunkka is facing.
Cast range increasing sources affects the wave travel distance, but not the wave spawn location.
With the travel distance and radius, the wave can hit units up to 2150 range away.
Moves hit enemies a fixed 600 distance from where they originally were, towards the direction the wave is traveling.
Enemies are only disarmed during the knockback. They cannot attack, but can still turn and cast abilities and items. Do not interrupt the enemy's channeling abilities.
Destroys trees within 100 radius enemies come in contact with while being moved by the wave.
The wave first applies the damage, then the debuff.
Provides 200 radius ground vision around the affected targets for 2 seconds. Ghostship Link▶️RT



AbilityTarget Point
AffectsEnemies  / Allied Heroes
DamageMagical

Summons a ghostly ship that sails through the battle before smashing apart, damaging and stunning all enemies caught near the wreckage. Allied heroes touched by the Ghostship are given a swig of The Admiral's Rum, receiving bonus movement speed and a delayed reaction to incoming damage.

Cast Animation: 0.3+0Cast Range:  1000Ship Radius:  450Travel Distance: 2000Number of Ships: 1 ( 3)Ship Spawn Interval: 3.5Impact Damage: 400/500/600Impact Stun Duration: 1.2Ally Move Speed Bonus: 15% Buff Duration: 10 Rum HangoverDamage Reduction: 35%Buff Duration: 10


 80/70/60
 125/175/225
Aghanim's Shard Upgrade:New Ability

Grants the Tidal Wave ability.

Modifiers [?]modifier_projectile_visionUndispellable
modifier_kunkka_ghost_ship_damage_absorbDeath
modifier_kunkka_ghost_ship_damage_delayDeath
modifier_kunkka_ghost_ship_fleetUndispellable

modifier_stunnedStrongThe final ship of the Claddish Navy is nothing but a phantom, but it is all too real to the enemies of the Admiral.


Ghostship travels at a speed of 650, reaching the crash site in 3.08 seconds.
The ship spawns 2000 range away from the targeted point, from the opposite direction where Kunkka is facing, and crashes at the targeted point.
An ally-only visual indicator appears at the location, showing the ship's destination point and radius.
Upon impact, Ghostship first applies the damage, then the debuff.
Although the Ghostship model is visually ≈150 radius, The Admiral's Rum buff is applied to ally heroes that come within 450 range of the Ghosthip at any time during its travel and grants the following bonuses:
Movement speed bonus.
The buff accumulates all damage instances from all damage types the affected unit receives within 10 seconds.
Applies a 35%  unique incoming damage reduction buff that affects all damage types on affected allies.
Stacks multiplicatively with all other sources of incoming damage manipulation.
Treats ally heroes and clones as heroes, illusions and creep-heroes as creeps.
Neither accumulates damage nor reduces damage from damage flagged as HP removal.
Once The Admiral's Rum buff expires, the Rum Hangover buff is placed, which lasts 10 seconds.
This buff deals 3.5% of the previously accumulated damage as current health cost in 1-second intervals until all the reduced damage is returned, resulting in 10 damage instances.
The health cost counts as setting health and is non-lethal.
The Rum Hangover buff has the lowest priority among all damage negation sources. Generally, it does not reduce damage when other damage negation sources are active.
Successive The Admiral's Rum buffs do not stack but refreshes the duration instead, effectively delaying the Rum Hangover buff from being applied.
Both The Admiral's Rum buff and the Rum Hangover buff do not interact with each other and work independently of each other.
Ghostship provides 300 radius flying vision around itself as it travels. This vision does not last.
TALENT The Ghostship Fleet  talent spawns 3 ships at the same location, traveling towards the same destination.
The ships spawn in 3.5-second intervals, starting immediately on cast, so that the last ship spawns 7 seconds after cast.
Ghostship's spawn location is set upon cast and does not adapt to the caster's current position as they spawn.