Static Remnant Link▶️Link▶️QR



AbilityNo Target
AffectsEnemies
DamageMagical

Creates an explosively charged image of Storm Spirit that lasts 12 seconds and will detonate and deal damage if an enemy unit comes near it.

Cast Animation: 0+1.1Trigger Radius:  235Damage Radius:  300Activation Delay: 0.75Damage: 120/180/240/300 ( 170/230/290/350)Remnant Duration: 12


 3.5 ( 2.25)
 70/80/90/100Modifiers [?]modifier_storm_spirit_static_remnant_thinkerUndispellable
Raijin Thunderkeg's duality allowed him to admire himself in shocking fashion.


After a remnant is placed, it takes 0.75 second for it to be able to explode and deal damage.
When a remnant expires, it still explodes and deals damage around it.
Remnant can be triggered by invisible units and deal damage to them.
Checks for enemies and neutrals in 0.1-seconds intervals, beginning instantly upon cast.
The remnants are visible on the minimap with the same color as  Radiant or  Dire units, not the color of the player.
Remnants provide 500 radius flying vision at their location for its duration or until exploding.
TALENT The damage increasing  talent does not update already placed Static Remnants. Electric Vortex  Link▶️WE



AbilityTarget Unit ( No Target)
AffectsEnemies  / Self


A vortex that pulls an enemy unit to Storm Spirit's location.

Cast Animation: 0.3+0.77Cast Range:  300 ( 0)Pull Duration: 0.9/1.3/1.7/2.1 ( 1.2/1.6/2/2.4)Pull Distance: 180/220/260/300 Radius:  475


 20/18/16/14
 60/70/80/90
Aghanim's Scepter Upgrade:
Electric Vortex affects all enemies within a radius around Storm Spirit.

Debuff Immunity Notes:Unlike other sources of forced movement, Electric Vortex stops pulling while debuff immune and resumes once the immunity expires.Spell Block / Reflection Notes:Blocked as a unit-targeted ability.Not blocked when turned into a non-targeted ability.Modifiers [?]
modifier_storm_spirit_electric_vortex_pullStrongRaijin's thunderous, boisterous energy often draws others into an electrifying situation.


Electric Vortex pulls affected units at a speed of 200/169.23/152.94/142.86 ( 150).
If the affected unit gets affected by another source of horizontal forced movement, it stops pulling and continues as soon as the other source expires.
This means, unlike other forced movement effects, Electric Vortex is not canceled by them but is temporarily stopped instead.
If the target gets moved more than 1200 range away from the original cast location, the link breaks immediately.
Successive casts on the same target refresh the pull duration, and reset the pull distance, but do not update the pull location.
SCEPTER Electric Vortex now turns into a non-targetable ability affecting all enemy units within 475 radius.
Does not target invisible, invulnerable or hidden units or units in the Fog of War within the radius.
Still triggers  Overload upon cast while no enemies are within range. Overload   Link▶️Link▶️EV



AbilityPassive ( No Target)
AffectsEnemies ( Allied Heroes/  Self)
DamageMagical

Casting a spell creates an electrical charge, which is released in a burst on Storm's next attack, dealing damage and slowing nearby enemies.

Passive ComponentDamage Radius:  300Damage: 25/50/75/100Move Speed Slow: 80%Attack Speed Slow: 80Slow Duration: 0.8 Attack Range Bonus:  150 Bounce Search Radius:  700 Number of Bounces:  2 Attack Damage as Bounce Damage:  75% Cast Animation:  0+0 Effect Radius: 750 Attack Speed Bonus: 40 Number of Overload Charges: 3 Buff Duration: 12


   30
  150
Aghanim's Shard Upgrade:

Can be activated to grant Storm Spirit and nearby allied heroes 3 Overload charges. Provides bonus Attack Speed. Lasts up to 12 seconds or until the charges are depleted.

Break Notes:Prevents gaining a new charge. However, existing charge still fully works.Does not disable bounces on attack
Ability Disjoint Notes:Does not bounce when disjointed by the primary attack target.When disjointed by a secondary target, the disjointing unit is not registered as hit, the attack may immediately bounce on it again if its within range. The disjointed instance still counts towards the bounce limit.Modifiers [?]modifier_storm_spirit_overload_passiveUndispellable
modifier_storm_spirit_overloadAny
modifier_storm_spirit_electric_raveAny

modifier_storm_spirit_overload_debuffAnyPow! Zip! Zap!


Does not trigger on active item abilities, on abilities with 0 cooldown, or on abilities that do not trigger on-cast effects.
The bonus damage is dealt in a separate damage instance, and counts as spell damage.
This means it is not affected or considered by anything that works with attack damage.
This also means that it fully works with spell damage amplification and spell lifesteal.
The slow and damage are applied to all enemy units within the radius around the attacked target.
On the primary target, the attack first applies the debuff, then its own damage.
On secondary targets, it first applies the damage, then the debuff.
The charge is released upon successfully hitting a target. If the attack misses or is disjointed, nothing happens.
Each attack checks for the buff on Storm Spirit upon successfully hitting the target. If the buff is present, the charge is released.
This means when Storm Spirit gains the buff while an attack projectile is flying, that attack still releases the charge when it hits.
Attacking buildings or allies do not release the charge. However, attacking wards does.
SHARD Adds an active component to Overload, with the passive effects still present.
Interrupts Storm Spirit's channeling abilities upon cast.
Triggers Overload upon cast as well, and fully stack with it on the same attack.
The buff is only placed on ally heroes. Neither places the buff on invulnerable nor hidden units.
Treats clones and creep-heroes as heroes, and illusions as creeps.
Attacking buildings now consumes a charge, but it does nothing.
SHARD The Overload values for the buff are set upon cast, and do not update if it gets leveled up after cast.
The Overload effects applied by an ally are credited to that ally, and not to Storm Spirit.
The bouncing Overload  talent only works for Storm Spirit, and not for allies.
Successive casts refresh the buff duration and reset the charges. The number of charges is visible on the buff icon.
TALENT Overload attack(s) now bounce toward a random enemy unit, without priorities, within 700 radius of the attack target.
The bouncing projectiles travel at the same speed as the leading attack projectile and can be further increased by other attack projectile speed bonuses.
Does not perform instant attacks. The projectiles deal regular spell damage.
This means they do not trigger any attack modifier or on-hit effects and ignore evasion.
However, it is still affected by damage block sources and  Bulwark, but not  Resonant Pulse.
TALENT The Overload attack bounce damage has the following flags:
No-spell-lifesteal flag, preventing their damage from utilizing spell lifesteal.
No-spell-amplification flag, preventing their damage from being amplified with spell damage amplification.
The bouncing projectiles deal damage based on the damage amount calculated for the leading attack. Attack damage amount is calculated upon attack begin.
This means it works with critical strike and quell, since these are included in the initial damage calculations.
This also means that it does not matter how much damage the attack actually did to the target since that part is being calculated on projectile hit.
It also means that other conditional attack damage bonuses (i.e.  Javelin damage proc) are not included, since these happen later in the calculations as well.
The bouncing projectiles all apply Ovearload's area damage and slow. Ball Lightning   Link▶️RG



AbilityTarget Point ( Passive)
AffectsSelf  / Enemies
DamageMagical

Storm Spirit becomes volatile electricity, charging across the battlefield until he depletes his mana or reaches his target. The activation mana cost is 25+7.5% of his total mana pool, and the cost per 100 units traveled is 10+0.65% of his total mana pool. Damage is expressed in damage per 100 units traveled.

Passive Component Auto Static Remnant Drop Distance:  500Cast Animation: 0.3+0Cast Range: GlobalDamage Radius:  200Travel Speed: 1400/1850/2300Travel Distance Interval: 100Self Moved Distance as Damage: 6/10/14Distance as Base Mana Cost: 10Distance as Max Mana Cost: 0.65%Flying Vision Radius:  400


 0
 25    + 7.5% of Max ManaBreak Notes:Does not disable the auto Static Remnant cast.
Modifiers [?]modifier_storm_spirit_ball_lightningDeath
Ability Draft Notes:
 Static Remnant must be drafted as well for it to be automatically created by the talent while traveling.
The Storm is coming in.


Disjoints projectiles upon cast.
↓↓ Double-tapping automatically casts it on Storm Spirit's current location.
Storm Spirit is invulnerable and can turn, attack, and cast abilities during Ball Lightning.
Successive casts while traveling have no effect but are still registered as cast, proccing on-cast effects. The activation mana cost gets refunded.
Destroys trees within 100 radius and provides 400 radius flying vision around Storm Spirit while traveling.
Ball Lightning deals damage around Storm Spirit as he travels. An enemy may only be damaged once per cast.
The damage starts at 0 and increases by 6/10/14 for every 100 distance traveled.
Ball Lightning deals 0 damage for distances less than 100 distance.
Fully procs on damage effects, such as  Corrosive Skin, except for abilities which have a minimum damage threshold (e.g.  Gravekeeper's Cloak).
Drains Storm Spirit's mana after every 100 distance traveled, resulting in 0.07/0.05/0.04-second intervals.
Ball Lightning stops immediately upon Storm Sprit's death, when running out of mana while traveling, when reaching its destination, and being affected by other forced movement sources.
The mana cost displayed in the ability's tooltip is based on Storm Spirit's max mana, showing how much it costs to initially cast Ball Lightning.
This is how much damage Ball Lightning can deal around Storm Spirit at certain travel distances (before reductions):
500 Distance: 30/50/70 damage,  75 + 10.75% max mana.
1000 Distance: 60/100/140 damage,  125 + 14% max mana.
2500 Distance: 150/250/350 damage,  275 + 23.75% max mana.
5000 Distance: 300/500/700 damage,  525 + 40% max mana.

TALENT The auto remnant  talent automatically creates a  Static Remnant based on its current level every 500 distance Storm Spirit travels per Ball Lightning cast.
The distance counter does not accumulate the leftover moved distance from the previous cast.
These remnants created are independent of the cooldown, do not cost mana, and do not trigger on-cast effects.